hello then today I'm going to you
show how to install a
relay on a small long step then the
not the shadow
it's very simple, but mostly
the ring in that sense for it to be
pulled back not in this sense there
nor anything to the recipe
easy list stands alone a little
elastic john sheep 12.9 to because
that must be changed every year here
and a little dove nice wolf for
its high and the importance then go on that
I project you the sica sheep on
shoulder 1 we think the little hawk
by the way you're wrong he ate
after then never feed them before
because otherwise they have the crop full
and we can smother them
we think the little blonde 6th well put
his head in like that and we got it
hugs the two front elastics
in front of the wings and the other two
think behind it's simple as
his thoughts behind them offsets
the wings of nant s is never happy
even if these people say one without real a
side and we get up from each other very
important we return the small plant
and here we see on the pasta are
behind and there we make them think like
that we make them think before like
those with seated behind the
thigh the other case of like
that's how it's done and we
finds that the little ring is ready
to return there is play
so to avoid the game we take the
little elastic asia I recover
elastic
we pass them around the ring
we put them around everything and there I have to
take the 400 at the same time what
does it tighten up we check that it
holds well-heeled for this lawsuit in the
second we would have run away we call
bouncing off a second placed good
young bungees comes to hear
loiret what makes that small to
the shade and palisson and that's how it
can be cut